ever vigilant
like approaches oh my god did I moshing
good
what the fuck daily on Islands
tryndamere
all right here do I'm coming mark Gaga
Gaga on that con it run this way read
this this guy this guy I told you he has
it oh he was giving it to you dear am I
happy nice top basic attack alright dude
1v1 the train here go won't you won the
trent 002 wow the ID don't the shirt and
that's the one who died I hate this guy
hurts man I'm coming talk let me get you
some like my skill starts before my
skills on cooldown on Kentucky guys i
couldnae today oh oh oh oh shit up on
their own they're drunk Oh egg might
have to use ah my bitch I don't think I
had the flash i don't think i have a
flash how do you see see the flesh
russian teen daddy says I had the power
of the Sun
QE no I know you what the fuck was wrong
to you dude go take your asthma medicine
row because it died fuck holy shit
before you came in remember no oh yeah
he's on a coon
I think Leona is a good counter to
Tryndamere